Validation: description-missing fixes. (#239)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/modules/autosuggest-module/index.md

---
title: "Autosuggest Module | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Describes the Autosuggest module, which provides a list of suggested addresses or places, and provides lists of API reference articles and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The overview page for the Autosuggest Module section contains a description and links to the API reference articles and examples.
```
